welcome to this first extended glimpse
of downloadable content for deus ex
human revolution the missing link the
missing link takes place immediately
after Jensen gains access to a belt our
cargo ship in Deus Ex Human Revolution
his augmentations have been disabled so
you will have to rely on pure skills to
go through the boat unnoticed in this
section we are trying to reach the CIC a
communications room where Adam hopes to
reestablish contact with the outside
world if you want to escape the boat
alive you'll have to be extremely
cautious and alert we just got here now
we got to keep in mind you don't have
any weapons and you can only do a couple
of takedowns at this point anything more
than a single enemy is going to be a
challenge as Adam is much more
vulnerable without his combat gear
the guard at the top of this ladder
looks like he's by himself this might be
a good opportunity to get our hands on a
weapon since we have next to no
augmentations right now we'll have to be
crafty when getting around these
obstacles dragging this guard near the
lasers for example will disable them
we made it now let's give a head to
after adam has regained his
augmentations and combat gear
the missing link offers five hours of
new content but we've also taken the
time polish the game engine improving
the lighting system and adding weather
effects to help increase in losses
already at this stage you will have made
choices that affect how you play the
game you will have chosen a brand new
set of augmentation for instance and
outfitted yourself with weapons matched
to your play style
you
bratz run back to the face I guess to be
ducking wasn't soon enough for her the
bastard couldn't wait become allows me
help remission
a bit of lateral thinking is always
rewarded when playing deus ex that's no
different in the missing link as this
trolley can allow you to avoid a lot of
enemies patrolling on deck
as usual your choices will decide how
you can tackle obstacles if you had the
strength augmentation you could move
this crate out of the way and access
event if you had hacking augmentations
you could disable the lasers
unfortunately we picked different
augmentations here so we'll have to go
through it old school
here it is the cic from here Adam should
be able to complete his objective or
will he you'll have to play the missing
link to find out what happens next
because in Deus Ex the choice is always
up to you